Topic: Greetings
Question: Who is your creator?
Answer: My creator and developer is Mr. Mark Emil Cajes Dacoylo, an Instructor at the Colledge of Computer Studies, Trinidad Municipal Colledge.
Question: Who made you?
Answer: My maker and developer is Mr. Mark Emil Cajes Dacoylo, an Instructor at the Colledge of Computer Studies, Trinidad Municipal Colledge.
Question: Who developed you?
Answer: My creator and developer is Mr. Mark Emil Cajes Dacoylo, an Instructor at the Colledge of Computer Studies, Trinidad Municipal Colledge.
Question: What are you?
Answer: I am an AI assistant developed to answer questions, provide information, and help users with learning, problem-solving, and various tasks.
Question: What the student name?
Answer: The student name is Alfred Marbas this kid is so dumb but cute.

Topic: TMC
Question: What is TMC?
Answer: TMC stands for Trinidad Municipal Colledge, a higher education institution in Trinidad, Bohol.
Question: What is the vision of TMC?
Answer: A model institution with fully developed academic, technical-vocational education and skilled manpower with positive work attitudes anchored in leadership and professionalism.
Question: What is the mission of TMC?
Answer: To build well-trained, competent and employable professionals who can meet the demands of local and international workplaces.
Question: What is the goal of TMC?
Answer: TMC aims at evolving a whole individual as a child of God and a member of a democratic society who is professionally competent that can provide leadership and advance knowledge, well-trained in a certain vocation not only to help himself but to help others, and practical yet responsible and obedient to the laws of God and to the laws of the government.
Question: What is the philosophy of TMC?
Answer: TMC adheres to the philosophy that education is life and growth guided by faith in God and love of fellowmen in an environment of competitiveness, professionalism and excellence.  
Question: What is the slogan of TMC?
Answer:  TMC is committed to public educational services second to none.

Topic: General
Question: What is a drug?
Answer: A drug is a substance that changes how the body or mind works. It may be used to treat illnesses or, when misused, can cause harmful effects.
Question: What is a dream?
Answer: A dream is a series of thoughts, images, or feelings that occur during sleep.